Mr. Wehbe (Syrian Arab Republic) (spoke in Arabic): The Syrian Arab Republic delegation
abstained in the voting on resolution 1454 (2002), just
adopted by the Council. Here, we would like to make a
number of points. First, when voting in favour of
resolution 1447 (2002) calling for the extension of the
oil-for-food programme, Syria took into account the
need to alleviate the suffering of the Iraqi people and
the need to meet its needs, especially basic
humanitarian needs. Syria feels that Iraq's cooperation
with the United Nations weapons inspectors and its
positive approach to resolution 1441 (2002) should
inevitably lead to the lifting of the sanctions imposed
on that country and not to the sanctions regime being
complicated by the addition of further restrictions
under the pretext that certain goods can be of dual use.

Secondly, the haste of the negotiations which led
to a vote on the draft resolution did not allow Syria
enough time to study the Goods Review List,
considering the complex technical nature of these
goods, the examination of which requires a high level
of technical expertise and adequate time. Therefore,
Syria was unable to vote in favour of the draft
resolution. We could not fully examine its implications
so as to ensure that it would not have an adverse
impact on the interests of the Iraqi population.

