The President: The Security Council will now
begin its consideration of the item on its agenda.

At this meeting, the Security Council will hear
briefings by the outgoing Chairs of the subsidiary
bodies of the Security Council according to the year
of adoption of the related Council resolutions: His
Excellency Mr. Mahamat Zene Cherif, Chair of the
Working Group on Peacekeeping Operations; Her
Excellency Ms. Raimonda Murmokaite, Chair of the
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
resolution 1373 (2001), concerning counter-terrorism,
Chair of the Security Council Committee established
pursuant to resolution 2127 (2013), concerning the
Central African Republic, and Chair of the Security
Council Committee established pursuant to resolution
2140 (2014); Her Excellency Mrs. Dina Kawar, Chair of
the Security Council Committee established pursuant
to resolution 1521 (2003), concerning Liberia, and
Chair of the Security Council Committee established
pursuant to resolution 1533 (2004), concerning the
Democratic Republic of the Congo; His Excellency
Mr. Cristian Barros Melet, Chair of the Security
Council Committee established pursuant to resolution
1572 (2004), concerning C6te d'Ivoire, Chair of the
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
resolution 2206 (2015), concerning South Sudan, and
Chair of the Informal Working Group on International
Tribunals; and Her Excellency Mrs. Joy ngu, Chair of
the Security Council Committee established pursuant
to resolution 2048 (2012), concerning Guinea-Bissau.

I now give the floor to Ambassador Cherif.

