The President: As this is the last time that
Ambassador Marcello Spatafora will participate in a
Council meeting in his capacity as Permanent
Representative of Italy, I wish to take this opportunity
to express to him, on behalf of the members of the
Council, our appreciation of him, both as a colleague
and as a friend. Ambassador Spatafora's diplomatic
skill, affable manner and sense of collegiality have
made him a highly effective representative of his
country. His distinguished career has been
characterized by many challenging postings, where he
has always endeavoured to build bridges and achieve
better understanding.

Ambassador Spatafora will be remembered as a
fervent advocate of the work of the Council who
always strived to work in cooperation and harmony
with other Council members. His remarkable
contributions to the work of the Council and the
passion he has put into his work by speaking straight
from his heart will always be remembered by his
colleagues with gratitude.

In bidding Ambassador Spatafora a fond farewell,
the other members of the Council and I wish him every
success in his new undertakings.

