Ms. Guadey (Ethiopia): I wish to thank Under-
Secretary-General Jeffrey Feltman and Under-
Secretary-General Stephen O'Brien, as well as the
Chief Monitor of the Organization for Security and
Cooperation in Europe Special Monitoring Mission,
Ambassador Apakan, for their briefings on the most
recent developments in eastern Ukraine.

The deteriorating security situation in the region
and the use of weapons prohibited by the Minsk
agreements is a matter of concern. We also note the
consequences of the most recent violence in terms of
civilian casualties and damage to infrastructure. The
humanitarian situation requires an urgent response.

We believe there is a need to do everything possible
to de-escalate the situation. In that regard, we fully
support the call made by the Security Council two days
ago (SC/12700) for an immediate regurn to a ceasefire
regime. No doubt, a resolution of the situation in the
eastern region of Ukraine can be achieved only through
a peaceful settlement. That is why it is absolutely
imperative that the parties remain fully committed to
the implementation of the Minsk agreements and strictly
adhere to resolution 2202 (2015), which endorsed the
package of measures for the implementation of the
Minsk agreements.

