Mr. Churkin (Russian Federation) (spoke in Russian): I shall begin with the second question posed
by the Permanent Representative of Georgia. Where is
the ambiguity? I said very definitely that we are
complying with and intend to implement the six
principles that were worked out by the President of
France and the President of Russia in the Kremlin on
12 August. In fact, I think that we and the whole
international community need the support of the
Security Council through an appropriate resolution
supporting the six principles. For some reason,
however, the Security Council does not want to do that
and is being distracted by propagandistic ventures.
Everything is very clear. The position of the Russian
Federation is crystal clear. Unfortunately, some
members of the Security Council are taking a position
that is no secret to anyone. It is misleading and not
constructive.

With regard to Mr. Alasania's first question,
regarding the tragedy that the Georgian people are
currently experiencing, he can thank Mr. Saakashvili
personally and those who pushed him into the military
adventure in South Ossetia.

