The President: Before adjourning this last
scheduled meeting of the Council for the month of
September, on behalf of the United States, Ambassador
Haley and our entire delegation here in New York, Iwould
like to express our sincere appreciation to the members
of the Council, the Permanent Representatives, their
respective staff, the Secretariat's staff, the interpreters,
the recorders and security for the excellent assistance
they have provided during this very busy but highly
productive month. We also greatly appreciate members'
support of our goal of transparency during this month,
while keeping our briefings and discussions open and
available to the world to see and hear.

Ultimately, the Council is accountable to every
citizen in the international community as we strive to
foster stability, maintain security and preserve peace
across the world. Our open proceedings will allow
history to judge us fairly and truthfully and, we hope,
with an understanding of the sincerity of our endeavours
here. I therefore thank everyone once again. As we end
our presidency, I wish the delegation of Bolivia good
luck for the month of October.

The meeting rose at12.25p.m.
