Mr. Traore (Guinea) (spoke in French): At the
outset, I would like to thank Deputy Secretary-General
Louise Frechette for her introductory statement. I
would also like to thank our guests for their important
statements, which have given us much valuable
information about the relevance and delicate nature of
the emergency humanitarian issues in post-war Iraq. I
would also like to pay tribute to the humanitarian
agencies in Iraq for their excellent work and for the
valuable and important services they are providing the
Iraqi people under particularly difficult circumstances,
at times even at the risk of their staff members' lives.

It is clear from the presentations we heard this
morning that insecurity and lack of order are the major
handicaps that almost all agencies must deal with and
that limit the effectiveness of their efforts. This
morning's adoption of resolution 1483 (2003) will no
doubt help to speed up their efforts on the ground. The
specific issue of insecurity nevertheless remains to be
addressed. I have just one question for the
representatives of the humanitarian agencies with us
today - which is one that echoes the question raised
this morning by Ambassador Pleuger. Given the
importance and urgency of the Iraqi people's needs,
what specific suggestions can they make to the Council
in order to gradually end insecurity and make their
efforts more effective as soon as possible?

