Mr. PriVitelli (Switzerland) (spoke in French): We
thank Sweden for making this important topic a priority
issue during its presidency. Switzerland welcomes the
annual report (S/2018/465) of the Secretary-General
on children and armed conflict, which lists more than
21,000 grave violations - an extremely alarming
increase of 35 per cent compared to 2016. In the face of
such an increase, the international community must act
in several areas.

First, protecting children and defending their rights
before, during and after conflicts and a comprehensive
approach towards sustaining peace are mutually
reinforcing. Protecting those who are most vulnerable
preserves our countries' resources for the future, thereby
entailing long-term consequences involving governance
and peacebuilding. Switzerland therefore supports the
multi-stakeholder partnership End Violence Against
Children. The goal of that initiative is to strengthen
political will and accelerate relevant efforts so that
every child can grow up shielded from violence. The
initiative is supported by 271 member organizations.
At the same time, the Sustainable Development Goals
provide a long-term vision for protecting children and
prevent conflicts.

Secondly, the reintegration and rehabilitation of
children formerly associated with armed forces and
groups are key factors in preventing the recurrence of
conflicts. Armed conflicts inflict physical and extreme
emotional suffering upon children. If we want to break
the cycle of violence, we must address their long-term
integration needs by providing them with education,
psychosocial support and the means to ensure their
livelihood. The link between the reintegration of
children and sustainable peace will be one of the
priority themes to be discussed during Geneva Peace
Week in November.

Thirdly, the impartial Monitoring and Reporting
Mechanism established pursuant to resolution 1612
(2005) and the accurate and credible listing of
perpetrators are powerful tools, which can establish
responsibility and contribute to preventing grave
violations. It is essential that that listing remain
impartial and evidence-based. In that regard, we ask
the Secretary-General to inform us of measures taken
and progress made by listed parties.

In conclusion, Switzerland reiterates its full support
for the mandate and work of the Special Representative
of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed
Conflict and her Office.

