Mr. Wang Yingfan (China) (spoke in Chinese):
We are deeply shocked by and strongly condemn
yesterday's serious terrorist attacks against New York,
Washington, DC, and Pennsylvania. China's President
Jiang Zemin and Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan have
addressed messages to President Bush and Secretary of
State Powell, expressing profound sympathy to the
Government and the people of the United States of
America and deep condolences to the families of the
victims.

Yesterday, Secretary-General Annan and the
President of the Security Council, Ambassador Levitte,
issued statements that we fully support. International
terrorism causes tremendous losses to the lives and
property of innocent civilians and seriously endangers
human society and the political and economic order of
countries. It is a serious potential danger to
international peace and security. The Chinese
Government always condemns and opposes all terrorist
violence. Yesterday's terrorist attacks, which stunned
the world, took place in the United States, but they also
represent an open challenge to the international
community as a whole.

We support the United Nations in strengthening
its work in preventing and combating terrorism. We are
in favour of the ongoing enhancement of cooperation
among Member States through the practical
implementation of the relevant international
conventions against terrorism and by bringing terrorist
criminals to justice. As the organ with the primary
responsibility of maintaining international peace and
security, the Security Council should also play a
leading role in that respect.

