Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): I would
like to reaffirm our conviction that the success of the
political and economic reconstruction of Iraq and,
hence, its stability, require the United Nations to play a
dynamic role in the post-conflict management of the
country. The resolution that we have just adopted does
not, and is not intended to, correspond with that goal.
In particular, we would like a timetable to be
established with regard to the sequence of the political
transition - in keeping with one of the proposals of
the Secretary-General - which should facilitate the
stabilization of Iraq.

The resolution that has been adopted today does,
however, meet certain specific needs that the Council
has been identifying for some time - needs that were
formulated by the Secretary-General himself in his July
report. We note that in deciding to establish the United
Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq, the Security
Council is reinforcing United Nations activities in Iraq
and the work of the Special Representative by giving
them the necessary means to discharge their mandate.
That is why France voted in favour of the resolution.

