Mr. Mohamed (Maldives): Let me begin by
expressing our profound appreciation for the
opportunity to address the Security Council during this
important debate on the situation in the Middle East
and the question of Palestine.

It is with great concern that we note the ongoing
violence in the Middle East. While we applaud the
international community in its implementation of
resolution 1973 (2011) in Libya, my Government feels
that more needs to be done in the Middle East to
preserve the basic and fundamental rights of the
region's populations and to end the ongoing violence.

The Maldives, as a State member of the
Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC), strongly
believes that peace and prosperity in the Middle East
can be achieved only by empowering the people to
bring in much-needed social, economic and political
reforms that would lead to a more democratic and
representative system of Government. In our own
experience, the suppression of human rights and basic
freedoms is hugely counterproductive and eventually
leads to the disintegration of societal norms. We urge
the international community, especially the members of
the League of Arab States and the OIC, to assist their
fellow member States going through similar periods of
transition in building the institutional infrastructure
necessary to complete the transition to a system of
governance that is best defined by their respective
peoples.

On the question of Palestine, the position of my
Government is well known. We are hugely
disappointed to note the continued suffering of the
Palestinian people. They have been denied their rights
to self-determination and to live in peace and freedom
in their own independent State for far too long. While
recognizing the rights of the Palestinians, we also
appreciate and support the right of the people of Israel
to live in peace and security alongside an independent
and sovereign State of Palestine.

The Israeli settlement is another issue of concern.
The Maldives recognizes the Israeli right to housing,
but at the same time the rights of Palestinians should
not be trampled. Therefore the Maldives calls on Israel
to freeze the expansion of all settlements in the
occupied territories.

In conclusion, the Maldives does not wish to see
another generation of Palestinians grow up under the
yoke established by the occupation and the blockade,
which perpetuates the extreme poverty and depravity
witnessed over the past 63 years. We urge all countries
to support the pillars that will provide an enduring
solution to the conflict for the people of this region.
Violence will never bring peace to the Middle East;
instead it will create more violence, shed more blood
and increase hatred on both sides. My Government
therefore strongly believes that peace will be
established in the Middle East only when a sovereign
State of Palestine is formed.

