Mr. Shen Guofang (China) (spoke in Chinese):
Mr.President, the Chinese delegation was very pleased
this morning to see the Foreign Minister of Malaysia, His
Excellency Mr. Syed Hamid Albar, presiding over the
Security Council's debate on disarmament, demobilization
and reintegration of ex-combatants in a peacekeeping
environment. We would also like to thank the Deputy
Secretary-General, Ms. Frechette, for her statement.

At present, the disarmament, demobilization and
reintegration of ex-combatants has become an important
means applied in many United Nations peacekeeping
operations. These efforts will contribute to the
implementation of peace agreements, the prevention of
the recurrence of conflicts and the maintenance of social
stability. Like other delegations, we believe that today's
open debate in the Council on this issue is both extremely
timely and necessary. This situation exists in Africa, Asia
and also in Europe and other regions.

It has increasingly affected regional stability and
security. The Security Council bears the primary
responsibility for the maintenance of peace and security,
and this issue should therefore merit our full attention.
Hence, China appreciates the initiative of Malaysia to call
for an open debate on this question.

China believes that both in peacekeeping and in
post-conflict peace-building, the United Nations should
always follow the principles of non-interference in
internal affairs and respect for sovereignty and territorial
integrity. The same principles should apply to United
Nations activities for the disarmament, demobilization and
reintegration of ex-combatants. When a legitimate
Government exists in the country involved, such actions
should be taken only with the consent of that
Government.

In cases where no legitimate Government exists,
measures should be taken only after a peace agreement
has already been signed and the conflicting parties have
all pledged their support for the measures. Such measures
should be carried out strictly in line with the specific
Security Council mandate. Moreover, as the disarmament,
demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants involve
such sensitive issues as a country's armed forces and
security, there should be resort to actions in this
connection only when they are absolutely necessary, and
they should be strictly limited to conflict regions where
United Nations peacekeeping and post-conflict peace-
building activities are being carried out. Otherwise, the

 

problems will not only not be resolved, but may be further
complicated.

The issue of the disarmament, demobilization and
reintegration of ex-combatants is also a very complex one,
involving many agencies and departments in various fields.
The relevant United Nations bodies should discharge their
duties in their respective areas of competence in accordance
with their division of labour, and should at the same time
strengthen their coordination and cooperation so that their
actions will be well orchestrated. In April 1999, the United
Nations Disarmament Commission adopted a series of
guidelines for disarmament measures in post-conflict
situations, including the collection and destruction of
weapons and demobilization and reintegration of ex-
combatants. These guidelines should be observed and
implemented.

In the ever-changing international situation, peace,
security and development are increasingly and inextricably
intertwined. China believes that only when the issue of
development is effectively addressed can the root causes of
conflict and war be eliminated and the disarmament,
demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants be
realized effectively. This is the case especially in
economically disadvantaged areas.

China has always favoured an important role for the
United Nations in peacekeeping and post-conflict peace-
building. To achieve sustainable peace in post-conflict
regions, China supports the formulation and implementation
of measures for the collection and disposal of weapons and
the demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants and
believes that a strict monitoring mechanism should be set
up to oversee the implementation of these measures.

