Mr. Qazi: I think that it remains for me to thank
the member countries for their very valuable
observations and comments. There were not too many
questions as such, but we have taken due note of them
and will be guided by them.

Iraq is, of course, at a critical point in its
transition process, and it is entitled to the support of
the international community, the region and its
neighbours in the various measures it is taking to bring
about a new Iraq in which all participants can share in
its prosperity, peace and stability. I wish to assure the
Council that the United Nations Assistance Mission for
Iraq (UNAMI) stands ready, even in these challenging
circumstances - always subject to security, which we
have to take into account - and intends to be there in
24

sufficient numbers in order to meet the expectations of
the Government and people of Iraq. We believe that we
have the capacity, and we certainly have the intention,
to respond to any request from the Government of Iraq
and the international community, as expressed in the
Council, to play a greater role if that is what is
required, always circumstances permitting.

