Mr. Mehdiyev (Azerbaijan): I thank Ambassador
Nestor Osorio for his work as Chair of the Committee
established pursuant to resolution 1737 (2006) and for
his comprehensive briefing on the activities of that
Committee.

It is essential that the Committee continue to
solicit national implementation reports from Member
States and, with the support of the Panel of Experts
working constructively with them, to increase the
number of such reports. Azerbaijan welcomes the
fourth quarterly assessment of Member States'
implementation reports. We note the work done so far
by the Panel of Experts in drafting the implementation
assistance notices, and hope that that work can be
finalized in a timely manner.

The Republic of Azerbaijan attaches the utmost
importance to preventing the use of its territory as a
transit route for the illicit trafficking of items and
materials related to the proliferation of nuclear
weapons and weapons technology. In our View,
preventing the spread of nuclear weapons is the most
important security challenge that the international
community is currently confronting. But in pursuing
that goal, we cannot deny the right of any country to
develop its nuclear industry for exclusively peaceful
purposes, under strict international control.

Finally, I would also like to note that the
requirements of resolution 1737 (2006) and
international norms of non-proliferation, including
combating illicit trafficking, cannot be applied to the
almost 20 per cent of the internationally recognized
territory of Azerbaijan that is currently occupied by
neighbouring Armenia, as a consequence of which

Azerbaijan does not control 132 kilometres of its
southern border.

