The President: I wish to warmly welcome the
Heads of State and Government, Ministers and other
representatives present in the Security Council
Chamber. Their presence today underscores the
importance of the subject matter under discussion.

In accordance with rule 37 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I invite the
representatives of Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria,
Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Lithuania, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway,
Poland, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Romania,
Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden, Switzerland
and Turkey to participate in this meeting.

In accordance with rule 39 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I invite Ms. Fang Liu,
Secretary General of the International Civil Aviation
Organization, to participate in this meeting.

The Security Council will now begin its consideration
of the item on its agenda.

I wish to draw the attention of Council members
to document S/2016/79l, which contains the text of a
letter dated 16 September 2016 from the Permanent
Representative of New Zealand to the United Nations
addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a
concept note on the item under consideration.

I now give the floor to Ms. Fang Liu.

