The President (spoke in French): As this is the
last time that Ambassador Giadalla Ettalhi will
participate in the work of the Security Council in his
capacity as the Permanent Representative of the Libyan
Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations, I should like,
on behalf of all the members of the Council, to take
this opportunity to express our gratitude to him as both
a colleague and a friend.

In addition to his functions as the Permanent
Representative of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the
United Nations, Ambassador Ettalhi has devoted many
years to the service of his country, including as
Minister for Foreign Affairs and Minister for Planning.
He has made a significant contribution to the work of
the Council. As a man of conviction, he has remained
faithful to the positions of his country and of his
regional group, all the while demonstrating the
understanding and spirit of dialogue necessary to
facilitating the compromises that enable the Security
Council to express itself unanimously on the most
sensitive of issues. Lastly, during Libya's presidency,
Ambassador Ettalhi led the Council's debates on
numerous important issues with great wisdom and
remarkable equanimity. As we bid a warm farewell to
Ambassador Ettalhi, I join other members of the
Council in wishing him every success in his future
endeavours, both professionally and in his private life.

