Mr. Mwamba Kapanga (Democratic Republic of the Congo) (spoke in French): The Security Council has
unanimously adopted the resolution on the second phase of
the deployment of the United Nations Organization Mission
to the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC).

My delegation is all the more gratified that this
decision, which is a significant step towards achieving
peace, has been taken under the presidency of the
representative of a friendly country, Argentina, with which
my country has entertained long-standing and excellent
relations marked by the seal of reciprocal trust and
appreciation. My country has not forgotten that it was
Argentina, along with other members of the Security
Council, that in 1960 adopted resolution 145 (1960), acting
on the Congolese Government's request for assistance from
the United Nations in order to confront the aggression of
which it was already an innocent victim, and in this manner
made it possible to preserve the integrity of the young
republic that had just attained national independence and
sovereignty on 30 June of that year. The Security Council
had launched an appeal at the time to all States to abstain
from any activity that could undermine the political
independence of the country. That appeal was to be
renewed on several occasions over time by the Council as
well as by the General Assembly.

Allow me, at this stage, to pay tribute jointly to two
