Mr. Wu Haitao (China) (spoke in Chinese): In his
statement, the representative of Germany once again
referred to China's position with respect to the voting
on the draft resolutions concerning the humanitarian
situation in Syria (see S/PV.8623). We have clearly
asserted that we do not accept such accusations. Like
others, China pays close attention to the humanitarian
situation in Syria, which is precisely why China,
together with Russia, submitted an alternative draft
resolution (S/2019/757) that comprehensively addresses
the humanitarian and counter-terrorism situation in
the country, reflecting the humanitarian needs of the
Syrian people. Regrettably, the draft was not adopted.

As I said earlier, if we wish to improve the overall
humanitarian situation for the Syrian people, one
important step would be lifting the economic sanctions
imposed on Syria.

Lastly, I emphasize once again that China supports
the Syrian Government in its reasonable demands, as
well as the good offices of the United Nations and the
Special Envoy. We also support the ongoing efforts to
advance the political process in Syria through a Syrian-
led and Syrian-owned process and resolution 2254
(2015). China stands ready to play a constructive role
in that regard.

