Mr. Al-Qahtani (Qatar) (spoke in Arabic): Qatar
has always affirmed the importance of respect for the
respective competences of the organs of the United
Nations. The relevant organs, particularly the Human
Rights Council, should be given priority in dealing
with questions of human rights, including the question
of Myanmar. It is well known that neither Myanmar's
neighbours nor the regional organizations such as the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)
consider the human rights situation in Myanmar to
constitute a threat to regional peace and security.
Therefore, we must leave the door open for the
Secretary-General and the regional organizations, as
well as the competent United Nations organs, to deal
06-52444
with questions of human rights; they must be given
priority in dealing with such matters.

What we fear is that, by including this question
on the agenda of the Council, we would close the
diplomatic channels opened by Myanmar with the
competent international human rights institutions and
with the Secretary-General. Therefore, we believe that
including this matter on the agenda of the Security
Council is inappropriate, and we object to it.

