Mr. Peleg (Israel): Now that the Security Council
has decided not to take any action regarding the decision
of the Government of Israel to begin construction in Har
Homa and in 10 predominantly Arab neighbourhoods
throughout Jerusalem, it is our hope that the sponsors of
the proposed resolution will recognize that the Security
Council is not the appropriate forum for discussions of
outstanding issues between Israel and the Palestinians.
The Israeli-Palestinian peace process is founded upon
direct, open and substantial dialogue between the sides. It
is this dialogue which has brought about the historic
progress already achieved. The adoption of unbalanced
positions by outside parties can only damage this process.
Mechanisms were created between Israel and the
Palestinians to discuss all the issues between us.
Permanent-status negotiations will be resumed later this
month, and issues such as the issue of Jerusalem will be
discussed there.

Let us support this mechanism and support these
permanent-status negotiations. We trust that we and the
Palestinians will reach agreement on all the outstanding
issues between us.

The Government of Israel wishes here to reaffirm its
unwavering commitment to the peace process on all its
tracks.

