The President: I understand that this is the last
meeting of the Security Council at which our colleague
Ambassador Adolfo Aguilar Zinser, Permanent
Representative of Mexico, will be present. I would like
to take this opportunity, on behalf of the members of
the Council, to pay tribute to Ambassador Adolfo
Aguilar Zinser for the contribution that he has made to
the work of the Council, in particular the Sierra Leone
sanctions Committee.

As a member of the Council, he has distinguished
himself with his intense interest in the role of the
United Nations in post-conflict situations. In April this
year he made that issue the main theme in wrapping up
his presidency. As a result, the Council held a
constructive debate on the importance of restoring
security conditions, the rule of law, the protection of
human rights, institution-building and the socio-
economic reconstruction in States emerging from
conflict.

As the Chairman of the Sierra Leone sanctions
Committee, he not only worked energetically to fulfil
the mandate of the Committee, but he led the Security
Council in taking a comprehensive approach to Liberia.
He also provided effective leadership to the Security
Council's mission to Guinea-Bissau, which was greatly
appreciated by all of his colleagues.

In bidding Ambassador Aguilar Zinser farewell, I
wish him, on behalf of Council members, all success in
his future endeavours.

