Mr. Valle (Brazil): I want to thank Ambassador
Mihnea Motoc, Chairman of the Committee established
pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004), for his very
thorough briefing. I would also like to commend him
and his staff for leading the Committee to the
conclusion of this important initial stage, aimed at
building the functional and operational capacities
required to start with its consideration of national
reports.

The Brazilian delegation welcomes the
submission of the first national reports within the
period established in resolution 1540 (2004) and
encourages Member States that have not yet done so to
submit their reports to the Committee as soon as
possible.

Brazil is committed to the objectives set forth in
resolution 1540 (2004), which was adopted with a View
to addressing an existing gap in international law,
namely, the risk that terrorists and non-State actors
may acquire, develop, traffic in or use weapons of
mass destruction and their means of delivery. In our
View, that objective is to be promoted on the basis of
international cooperation and by safeguarding the
integrity of multilaterally negotiated instruments, in
particular, the rights and obligations of their States
parties.

At the beginning of this new phase in the
Committee's work, Brazil reaffirms its unequivocal
commitment to the cause of a safer world, in which
weapons of mass destruction - nuclear, chemical or
biological weapons - will no longer exist. We would
expect that, in parallel, concrete actions towards
effective disarmament by States possessing such arms
would also be pursued in good faith.

