The President (spoke in Arabic): In accordance
with rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of
procedure, I invite the representatives of Afghanistan,
Australia, Canada, India, the Islamic Republic of
Iran, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan,
Tajikistan, Turkey and Uzbekistan to participate in
this meeting.

In accordance with rule 39 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I invite the following
briefers to participate in this meeting: Mr. Tadamichi
Yamamoto, Special Representative of the Secretary-
General and Head of the United Nations Assistance
Mission in Afghanistan; and Ms. Sima Samar,
Chairperson of the Afghan Independent Human Rights
Commission.

In accordance with rule 39 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I also invite His
Excellency Mr. Joao Vale de Almeida, Head of the
Delegation of the European Union to the United
Nations, to participate in this meeting.

The Security Council will now begin its
consideration of the item on its agenda.

I wish to draw the attention of Council members to
document S/2019/493, which contains the report of the
Secretary-General on the situation in Afghanistan and
its implications for international peace and security.

I now give the floor to Mr. Yamamoto.

