The President: In accordance with rule 37 of the
Council's provisional rules of procedure, I invite the
representatives of Armenia, Benin, Botswana, Brazil,
Cuba, Egypt, Georgia, Haiti, India, Indonesia, the
Islamic Republic of Iran, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan,
Kuwait, Morocco, the Netherlands, Pakistan, Panama,
Poland, the Republic of Korea, South Africa, Sweden,
Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, Uruguay and Viet Nam to
participate in this meeting.

In accordance with rule 39 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I invite Mr. Nick
Westcott, Managing Director for Africa ofthe European
External Action Service of the European Union, and
Mr. Adonia Ayebare, Adviser to the African Union
Mission to the United Nations, to participate in this
meeting.

The Security Council will now begin its
consideration of the item on its agenda.

I wish to draw the attention of Council members to
document S/2015/599, which contains the text ofa letter
dated 5 August 2015 from the Permanent Representative
of Nigeria to the United Nations addressed to the
Secretary-General, transmitting a concept note on the
item under consideration.

I wish to warmly welcome Secretary-General Ban
Ki-moon, to whom I now give the floor.

