Mr. Chowdhury (Bangladesh): We felicitate you,
Sir, upon your assumption of the Council presidency.
We express our confidence in your ability to bring our
deliberations to fruition. We also commend
Ambassador Tafrov's leadership last month.

Bangladesh maintains a strong preference for the
peaceful settlement of disputes. We have consistently
made this point in the past, including on the floor of
this Council. As always, Bangladesh believes in
diplomatic and political solutions to international
disputes. These must be achieved through constructive
discussions.

While we acknowledge the need for the
enforcement of Security Council resolutions, such
enforcement actions should be based on the norms and
mores of international law and backed by the United
Nations. The objective of any enforcement action
should indeed be the need to enhance security, peace
and stability. On the specific issue at hand, we
welcome Iraq's decision to allow the return of weapons
inspectors. The inspectors should have total and
unfettered access in the course of the discharge of their
assigned responsibilities. No impediment must be
placed on the work of the United Nations Monitoring,
Verification and Inspection Commission. Furthermore,
Iraq must comply with all relevant Security Council
resolutions on this issue.

However, in the ultimate analysis, every possible
effort should be made to avert war. Wars cause death
and destruction. They disrupt economies and they
exacerbate human suffering. These views, as this
debate amply demonstrates, are evidently shared by a
preponderant majority of the membership of the United
Nations. They must be heard, listened to and heeded.

