The President (spoke in Russian): I Wish to warmly
welcome His Excellency President Andrzej Duda of the
Republic of Poland, the Secretary-General, Ministers
and other distinguished representatives present in the
Security Council Chamber. Their presence here today
underscores the importance of the subject matter under
discussion. I should also like to take this opportunity
to congratulate President Duda on the start of Poland's
non-permanent membership of the Security Council.
I look forward to fruitful cooperation with his
delegation. I also congratulate the delegations of Cote
d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Kuwait, the Netherlands
and Peru on their accession to the Council this year as
non-permanent members. I very much hope that we will
work together productively in this critical organ of the
United Nations.

The Security Council will now begin its consideration
of the item on its agenda.

I Wish to draw the attention of Council members to
document S/2018/4, which contains the text of a letter
dated 2 January 2018 from the Permanent Representative
of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the
Secretary-General, transmitting a concept note on the
item under consideration.

I now give the floor to His Excellency Secretary-
General Antonio Guterres.

