Judge Mose: At this stage, I have virtually
nothing to add. Let me simply thank all members of the
Security Council for their interesting comments and
suggestions, which will serve to encourage and inspire
all of us in Arusha in our work. We note the interest
expressed by some delegations with regard to the need
to look into how the Appeals Chamber will have to be
structured in the future. I agree with those who said
that that must take place in close cooperation among
the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former
Yugoslavia, the International Criminal Tribunal for
Rwanda and the United Nations Secretariat. We are
approaching the point where we will have to think in
that direction.

As for the transfer of cases, it is good to hear that
there is full support for the principle of transferring
those involving lower- and middle-rank indictees. In
particular, we were very pleased to note the virtually
unanimous opinion of Security Council members that
everyone needs to apprehend the fugitives at large. We
hope that there will be pressure in that direction.

All the comments offered today will be taken
home to Arusha and shared with our colleagues there.

