The President (spoke in French): Under rule 37 of
the Council's provisional rules of procedure, I invite
the representative of the Democratic Republic of the
Congo to participate in this meeting.

On behalf ofthe Council, I welcome His Excellency
Mr. Raymond Tshibanda N'tungamulongo, Minister for
Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of the
Democratic Republic of the Congo.

In accordance with rule 39 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I invite the following
briefers to participate in this meeting: Mr. Martin
Kobler, Special Representative of the Secretary-
General and Head of the United Nations Organization
Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of
the Congo, and Mr. Said Djinnit, Special Envoy of the
Secretary-General for the Great Lakes Region.

The Security Council will now begin its consideration
of the item on its agenda.

I wish to draw the attention of Council members to
document S/2015/l72, which contains the report of the
Secretary-General on the United Nations Organization
Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of
the Congo. I also wish to draw the attention of Council
members to document 8/2015/173, which contains the
report of the Secretary-General on the implementation
of the Peace, Security and Cooperation Framework for
the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the region.

I now give the floor to Mr. Kobler.

