Mrs. Viotti (Brazil): I join previous speakers in
thanking the Permanent Representative of Colombia,
Ambassador Nestor Osorio, for his briefing and for his
leadership of the activities the Security Council
Committee established pursuant to resolution 1737
(2006).

Brazil appreciates the work of the Panel of
Experts, as summarized in its midterm report, released
last month. The Panel was created by resolution 1929
(2010) to carry out a number of tasks under the
direction of the Committee. It is important that the
Committee continue to provide its guidance and
direction in an active manner. The mandate of the
Panel was clearly defined in paragraph 29 of the
resolution, which remains the sole reference for the
Committee to follow up the various activities
undertaken by the Panel, including outreach efforts.

For the sake of transparency, we support the
proposal of holding an open briefing by the Chair of
the Committee for non-members. Apart from providing
information and assistance concerning the
implementation of Security Council resolutions, that
initiative would give further access and insight to
Member States on the activities carried out by the
Committee.

The situation regarding the Iranian nuclear issue,
from a broader political perspective, is not
encouraging. There is still no progress on the
negotiations. Much to the contrary, the current
confrontational course is a matter of great concern. The
lack of trust, combined with worrisome recent
developments, could give rise to dangerous scenarios
that we must strive to avoid.

It appears that we now face a self-defeating circle
of estrangement. Aborted negotiations lead to
miscommunication. Mutual mistrust leads to increasing
animosity; in the end, the lack of direct contact may
lead to serious misunderstandings. To prevent the
situation from deteriorating further, we should seek
credible alternatives to create an environment
conducive to dialogue and genuine engagement. More
efforts are needed to strengthen the building blocks of
a negotiated solution.

After such a long period of absence from the
negotiating table, a comprehensive agreement might be
difficult to achieve in the short term. A gradual
approach in which confidence is built step-by-step
would be advisable. In any case, the parties that are
more directly concerned must show that they are
willing to seriously pursue the diplomatic track and,
most important, to persevere on such a course of
action.

