The President: I would like to warmly welcome
the Secretary-General, the Ministers and the other
representatives here in the Security Council Chamber.
Their presence today underscores the importance of the
subject that we have gathered to discuss.

In accordance with rule 37 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I invite the
representatives of Albania, Armenia, Australia,
Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina,
Bulgaria, Canada, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, the
Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, Finland,
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Iraq, Ireland,
Israel, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lebanon,
Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malta, Montenegro,
Morocco, the Netherlands, Nicaragua, Norway, the
Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Saudi
Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden,
Switzerland, the Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan, the
former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Tunisia
and Turkey to participate in this meeting.

In accordance with rule 39 of the Council's
provisional rules of procedure, I invite Mr. Je-Yoon
Shin, President of the Financial Action Task Force, to
participate in this meeting.

The Security Council will now begin its consideration
of the item on its agenda.

I now give the floor to His Excellency Secretary-
General Ban Ki-moon.

