Mr. Shen Guofang (China) (spoke in Chinese):
Perennial warfare has done great damage to the Afghan
people, their national economy and their security. In
principle, China does not approve of the frequent use of
sanctions. We entirely endorse the views expressed by the
representative of Malaysia. We believe that sanctions will
only exacerbate the suffering and hardships of the Afghan
people, who have been the victims of perennial warfare. In
our view, sanctions can be used only as a means of last
resort and must be well targeted.

China is against all forms of terrorism. It was on the
basis of this principled position that we participated in the
consultations on the resolution that has just been adopted,
during which we requested that the text be limited to the
question of combating international terrorism. At the same
time, we have taken note of the fact that the text of the
resolution reiterates the commitment to the sovereignty,
independence and territorial integrity of Afghanistan, as
well as respect for its cultural and historical traditions.

In addition, the parties agreed that the sanctions
would take effect 30 days after the adoption of the
resolution and indicated in no uncertain terms that the
sanctions would be terminated immediately once the
resolution was implemented.

In view of the fact that the Chinese amendment was
accepted, we voted in favour of the resolution.

