Mr. Soares (Portugal): The situation in Kosovo is of
great concern to the international community. The
Council, through its resolutions 1160 (1998) and 1199
(1998), has given a clear response to this concern, of
which the draft resolution before us is a logical extension.

We welcome the agreements that have been
concluded with the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to
address the critical situation in Kosovo. The draft
resolution seeks to ensure that these agreements will be
implemented in full. This is, in fact, the number one
priority of the draft resolution on which we are about to
vote: the endorsement by the Security Council of the
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
(OSCE) agreements regarding verification of the
commitments that the Government of the Federal
Republic of Yugoslavia has made - namely, to take
measures to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe, to end
the violence against civilians in Kosovo, to allow the
return of refugees and displaced persons and to initiate
and maintain a dialogue with the Kosovo Albanian
community, with a view to finding a political solution to
the problems of Kosovo.

 

Portugal welcomes the readiness of NATO and the
OSCE to provide the necessary verification regimes and
believes that the Security Council should send, through this
draft resolution, a strong signal of support for these
Verification Missions and indicate that the safety and
security of those unarmed personnel on the ground must
never be compromised.

This draft resolution also represents an unambiguous
expression of the Council's belief that it is up to the
Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to
implement those agreements in full and comply fully with
Security Council resolutions.

