Mr. Petrella (Argentina) (spoke in Spanish): Briefly,
I would like to join earlier speakers in recommending
unanimous support for the draft resolution that we are
about to adopt and that my delegation is honoured to co-
sponsor. We are grateful to the Secretary-General for his
report on the situation in East Timor contained in
document S/1999/1024, proposing the creation of the
United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor
(UNTAET), as decided in operative paragraph 1 of the
draft resolution.

We support the mandate as spelled out in operative
paragraph 2, as well as the objectives and the structure
recommended by the Secretary-General. We wish every
success to the future Special Representative, who will be
responsible for all aspects of the work of the United
Nations in East Timor.

It seems to me that the time has come to look to the
future. The success of UNTAET is an unprecedented
challenge to the United Nations.

Lastly, we wish to thank the personnel of the United
Nations Mission in East Timor (UNAMET), whose
dedication and courage demonstrated the worth of United
Nations personnel and the sacrifices they are willing to
make. Special appreciation goes to Ambassador Marker,
whose skill and experience proved to be vital at the most
acute stages of the crisis. To the people and the leaders of
East Timor, we reaffirm the support and confidence the
Argentine Republic.

