Mr. Nebenzia (Russia Federation) (spoke in Russian): The representative of the United Kingdom
asked a question that implied that the representatives of
Syria and Russia should respond to it. She was absent
from the Chamber when I made my statement, for what
I know was a perfectly good reason. I want to let her
know that we put the same question to the representative
of the World Health Organization (WHO), for example,
asking for information about the medical infrastructure
that had been destroyed and the identity of the source
that informed him about it. Our request was met with a
categorical refusal and the excuse that it could endanger
the people who had provided the information. We are
therefore no less interested than our British colleague
in this question.

By the way, she also mentioned in connection with
the surgical - or allegedly non-surgical - strikes that
the Russian Aerospace Forces allegedly conducted on
targets in Idlib governorate that she would not want to
receive medical care in Russia. I certainly do not wish
for her to need any kind of medical care, heaven forbid,
but I want her to know that there are good medical
facilities in Russia, should she ever need them. So if
the WHO or any other United Nations entity shares
information with her on the sources we have been
discussing today and she could see her way to sharing it
with us, we would be extremely grateful.

