The President (spoke in Chinese): In accordance
with rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of
procedure, I invite the following briefers to participate
in this meeting: Mr. Alexandre Zouev, Assistant
Secretary-General for Rule of Law and Security
Institutions in the Department of Peacekeeping
Operations; Ms. Unaisi Bolatolu-Vuniwaqa, Police
Commissioner of the United Nations Mission in South
Sudan; Mr. Awale' Abdounasir, Police Commissioner of
the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission
in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; Mr. Serge
Therriault, Police Commissioner of the United Nations
Mission for Justice Support in Haiti; and Ms. Tuesday
Reitano of the Global Initiative Against Transnational
Organized Crime.

The Security Council will now begin its
consideration of the item on its agenda.

The intention of this meeting is for us to be as
interactive as we were during the same briefing in
November 2017 (see S/PV.8086) and during our dialogue
with the Force Commanders. We are looking forward to
questions from Council members to the Commissioners,
and from the Commissioners to the Council.

I now give the floor to Mr. Zouev.

