Mr. Ahmad (Pakistan): The situation in the
Middle East, unfortunately, shows no sign of
improvement. It is indeed a matter of concern to all of
us that, despite repeated calls by the Council through
its successive resolutions 1397 (2002), 1402 (2002)
and 1403 (2002), the Israeli military operations in the
Palestinian cities continue unabated. Numerous
Palestinian towns and cities are suffering Israeli
military occupation while civilian casualties are
continuing to mount. This is blatant defiance of this
world body and a challenge to its legal and moral
authority.

If this trend continues, the Charter and the United
Nations itself will lose their relevance as guarantors of
international peace and security. We are dismayed that
Israel has also not responded to President Bush's call
for the cessation of its operations in Palestinian-
controlled areas and the withdrawal from cities that it
recently re-occupied. Let us hope that the visit of
United States Secretary of State Colin Powell will
produce some tangible results.

Enforceability of Security Council decisions
cannot be allowed to be held hostage to the whims of
the violators of its resolutions. It may perhaps be
necessary now to move under Chapter VII.

Pakistan opposes violence of all sorts and on all
scales. We urge its cessation. We also believe that the
immediate stationing of international monitors in the
region may be necessary not only to ensure the
implementation of an effective ceasefire, but also to
secure an immediate end to the spiralling cycle of
violence and the protection of civilians, who have been
the main and innocent victims of the violence in recent
weeks and months.

